My name is David, that's me there, no, not him in front, that's Mark, that's me, the
one on the ladder.
My relationship with Jehovah is the most precious thing in my life.
I have always worked hard in the congregation, happy to serve my brothers and sisters.
But something happened that tested my integrity.
For a long time, it had been my goal to become a ministerial servant.
Just think of how much more I could give to the congregation, to Jehovah.
The travelling overseas was visiting our congregation and I felt confident that I would be appointed.
At the next meeting, a special announcement was made to the congregation.
We are very happy to announce the appointment of a new ministerial servant in our congregation.
Brother Mark, I wasn't being appointed as a ministerial servant, how could they make him one?
He's only 19.
I was too consumed with my thoughts and emotions to pay attention to the rest of the meeting.
Afterwards, I couldn't even bring myself to congratulate Mark.
I never thought I would feel this way about a decision made by the elders.
I just don't get it.
What does Mark have that I don't?
How could they overlook me?
He didn't take much to remind me of my disappointment and to make me feel bitter.
Every time I walked into the kingdom hall, those feelings intensified.
Being there was a constant reminder of what seemed to be injustice.
What was the point in working so hard if no one noticed?
I didn't know how much longer I could face it.
I considered moving to a different congregation.
Somewhere I would feel appreciated and could serve Jehovah better.
I was torn into a decision like that required playful thought, injustice, envy.
The Bible speaks about a man who experienced similar emotions to mine.
I decided to read about him.
I couldn't imagine hurting my brother, but I was envying him.
Just like Cain, sin was crowding at my door.
And I get the mastery of it.
I had to act immediately before my feelings of envy could fester into something that could
damage my relationship with my brother and Jehovah.
He told me how much he looked up to me, respected me.
It was my example that encouraged him to reach out.
I realized then that my work in the congregation did not go unnoticed.
I was resolved to use this opportunity to prove my integrity and motives for serving Jehovah faithfully.
Time flew by as I kept busy in the congregation.
Now I have the privilege of serving as a ministerial servant alongside Mark.
I regret how I reacted and how that affected my joy in serving Jehovah.
I'm so grateful I didn't let the roots of envy grow in my heart.